1. If I recall correctly, a page can have as many <head> and <body> elements as the author wishes, but from what I've seen of our lessons, that's rather bad practice. The <head> element contains information such as the page's metadata (with the character set, author, and viewport/screen size specifications). The <head> element is also not seen by users, unless they are savvy enough to Inspect Element on the page and view the html for themselves. The <body> element contains all of the content that the author intends for users to see, such as images, visual formatting, tables, and hyperlinks.

2. This one is a little tough to describe succinctly, but in essence, structural markup is used to detail information about, well, the structure of a document; this includes headings, breaks, lists, and paragraphs. Semantic markup is more about emphasizing the *meaning* of the information (like the italics I used just there). Semantic markup allows the author of a document to draw special attention to particular bits of information on the page, either to reinforce concepts or draw the reader's attention to specific topics, definitions, or other information.

3. My work cycle for this assignment, much like with our other assignments, has been to read the instructions and then work through each step of the assignment document in order. Often, this means following those instructions from beginning to end, whereupon I have a complete html document to submit to GitHub. I've found that sometimes, however, it's like drawing. Get the basic shapes down (the 4 main elements), and then go back to add the relevant material within each set of tags. For example, I added my 4 main elements first by copying them from a previous assignment. Then, I removed the specific information from that assignment and added what was needed for this new one, such as lists, hyperlinks, images, and so on.

By the way, you've done a phenomenal job with this course. Each new topic covers enough to make me feel better and more competent at this web page design, but not so much that I feel overwhelmed or incapable. Did you write the course website pages yourself?
